No words!
Father, shouldn’t you be recovering physically?
I'll put it here for you
I have nothing to come out, so I left first. Oops, I was not careful.
I just want to see his voice
Why is the response so big?
Only people who are often injured will suffer from the next moment
The voice of God alone
Could it be that you hung up by mistake?
Are you right?
Why did he suddenly ask that?
Could it be that he follows my voice?
Got interested
I have a very good relationship with my husband
It's very difficult to come here.
He treated you like this and even gave you a divorce
Have you ever thought about leaving?
I like to play. He has nothing to do with the vice president, right?
I have something else to do. I'll leave first.